I'm going to give you some tips on how to best conserve our vegetables and
our fruits in this festival and ficosa
that sounds very easy but surely there is some trick that you do not know seems to you
beyond six for example let's take the cauliflower
who does not like our vegetables that every day in almost every
houses
others something with vegetables
Well, the usual thing is that we carry shopping supermarkets
or well she with labors or
plastic supermarket
gentleman
here there is work to do there we put everything and the same
also with the leeks with the no
with any vegetable
I am going to give you a recommendation that surely something you know has happened to us
ever
that in the bottom of the refrigerator drawers
he is alive when he takes out and if in addition he even
in the lettuce and all below sumier cellista
you can go
good so that this does not happen
The first thing we have to do is
our vegetables
on paper
not in plastic and paper because the plastic affect them
moisten more in this case with simple paper
because the paper of secarte of vocento the kitchens protects it
because it is what the paper does
that absorbs the Indian moisture has contact with the vaccine this case with the
vegetable
fruits the same in santiago and cited
what we have
we can not get the
and the same
to the drawer of the refrigerator
something else for example watermelon
the normal thing is that we have
and that we put the cinema
I do not think we are in order
there are people who do not put anything please protect it with something I'm going to
recommend
Kennedy film paper
let's do it
with aluminum foil
If you do not join the project, it remains in the cold air
aluminum and zinc fazel
Young
neighbor of a term so that either
humidity is made with the fridge
beautiful sight and healthy
to the drawer and which endorse the refrigerator
it is simply we accept it
There is another thing that also remained
both bananas and hands
Never
and the peaches it is highly recommended that we protect them combat
because in addition it is not hard anymore
the hardships and the potatoes never halves in the fridge because you know
how well
potatoes and carrots
they are coming
and then from that julito that they take out you should never mix with the potatoes
because people who put in the potato drawer
the ceoe aims
was to separate it please that it will last much longer
both the quality and the potato
and finally
let's talk about the coffee in our cafe baqué
When the coffee is open it is highly recommended that this is what the
factory
of bacqué that we imitate
once opened the coffee in the fridge as we have it here
and this tuquillo who has given them
that we put in a container
a little coffee
we put the two
to the refrigerator
and you know what he does
that absorbs all our hands colors
I am sure that today we have learned something more to take care of our fruits
both vegetables and fruits and also know how to use our fridge better
ofilio and